Rework of user-guide/scripting/lua; Issue #671 (#885)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/scripting/lua/ebus.md

## Communicating with Components 

> When a Lua script creates a handler object, it notifies a component attached to an entity that it should call the script handler functions when certain events occur. For example, in the first sample below, the script creates a spawner notification bus handler when `OnActivate()` is called. This tells the **Spawner** component attached to the entity that has the script to call the `OnSpawnBegin()`, `OnSpawnEnd()`, and `OnEntitySpawned()` functions when the spawner instantiates a new dynamic slice. Subsequently, the handler is explicitly disconnected and set back to nil in the `OnDeactivate` function. This ensures that processing time is not wasted when the entity attached to the script isn't active. As long as the entity is active, these functions are called by the Spawner component at the appropriate time.

Reviewer: Dynamic slices have been deprecated in favor of spawnables.

```suggestion
When a Lua script creates a handler object, it notifies a component attached to an entity that it should call the script handler functions when certain events occur. For example, in the first sample below, the script creates a spawner notification bus handler when `OnActivate()` is called. This tells the **Spawner** component attached to the entity that has the script to call the `OnSpawnBegin()`, `OnSpawnEnd()`, and `OnEntitySpawned()` functions when the spawner instantiates a new spawnable. Subsequently, the handler is explicitly disconnected and set back to nil in the `OnDeactivate` function. This ensures that processing time is not wasted when the entity attached to the script isn't active. As long as the entity is active, these functions are called by the Spawner component at the appropriate time.
```
